We've created a security group in key pairs, so now we're going to create
an EC2 instance that uses both of those resources. We've only got one
unimplemented function in our file at line 86.
This function takes in the security group name and key pair name
that were used to create the other resources. Inside the function,
we'll start by defining a params object.
As you can probably imagine,
this params object will have many more arguments than the other ones we've made.
The first we'll need to add is ImageId.
This is the AMI ID that will be used to create the instance.
And for this, we're going to need to make a little side trip to the console.
See, there are a couple of interesting things about AMIs?
First,
there is an SDK function called describeImages that can be
used to search for AMIs that you can create.
The problem is, the search takes a long time,
and it's really just easier to go to the console directly
if you know what you're looking for.
The second thing about AMIs is that they are region specific. For instance,
and Amazon Linux AMI will have different IDs
depending on which region they're in.
And you can't just reference the ID from one region to
create an instance in a different region.
They're basically unavailable, even if the image contents are the same.
So for that reason,
I'm going to show you how to find the AMI ID that you'll use in your code.
Go to the AWS console and to the EC2 dashboard.
Click on the Launch instance button,
then Launch instance, and you'll be presented with the AMI selection screen.
At the top, there's the Amazon Linux 2 AMI. At the end of that title is the ID.
Yours may or may not be the same as mine based on when you're
watching this or which region you're using.
You may also see x86 and Arm options, like I see here. These are different
types of architecture for the EC2 instance. And since we will be picking
an EC2 instance that uses x86 architecture,
I suggest you stick with the x86 AMI for this course. So copy that AMI ID.
Now switch back to your code and paste that in a string
as the value to the ImageId property.
The next property is InstanceType.
This is the type of instance such as t2.small or m4.extra large and defines
the properties of the instance We've talked before about what these mean,
and we can use one of the smallest here, t2.micro. Next we'll define the
key pair name with the property KeyName, entering the value of keyName from
the function arguments.
Next is the MaxCount property,
which tells AWS how many instances to create, enter 1, then the MinCount
property, and enter 1 as the value for that again. Now add the property
SecurityGroups and give it an array as the value.
This is where we add any security groups to the instance.
Enter the sgName argument into the array.
You can add more than one security group here if you want to.
There's also a SecurityGroups ID property that you could
use instead and reference these security groups by their
IDs rather than by their names.
I find it a little easier to do it by name for this code.
The last property in our params object is UserData.
UserData has a couple of different uses with EC2 instances,
but we will use it to run shell commands once the instance starts.
If you open the file and the module_02 folder called ec2‑startup.sh,
you'll see several shell script commands.
Essentially,
they're just installing Node and Git, cloning the demo project from my GitHub,
installing dependencies, and then running it.
You can't just put these shell scripts directly into the user data field,
however, you have to Base64 encode it.
Well,
I've gone ahead and done that for you in this comment below, so copy that
without the preceding hash symbol, then go back to the create‑ec2‑instance
file and paste it into a string as the UserData value.
And with that,
we have all the params in place. In the next line, we'll return a new
promise with the callback function with resolve and reject arguments.
Inside that function, we'll call ec2.runInstances This is a function that
actually does the EC2 instance creation.
Pass in the params object as the first argument,
and the second will be a callback function with err and data arguments.
Call reject with the err argument if it exists; otherwise,
call resolve with the data argument.
And with that, we have completed our script.
Now to the fun part,
running it. Move over to your command line and navigate to the demo project.
We haven't installed dependencies yet,
and we'll need them for our script, so go ahead and run npm
install at the demo project root. Once that completes, navigate
down to where the script resides.
Now you can run node create‑ec2‑instance.js to execute that
script After a few seconds of nothing,
it should print out the location of the key that was written locally and
the details of the instance that was just created.
The actual boot up of the instance can take a few minutes,
so I'll skip to the future here.
Here's the instance that was created. And if you copy the public IP address
found here and visit it on port 3000, you should see Hamster Ball Fantasy
League appear, running 100% in AWS. In the next clip,
we're going to look at what we can do with this instance now that it's been created.